#Backstory

The City of Barrowsville. A small city in the southern part of Pennsylvania, USA. The once small town was founded in 1807 by Thomas Markson and his wife Martha Markson. 1945 saw the end of World War 2 and America’s focus was drawn to the more important aspects of life, namely medicine. Washington had selected Barrowsville as one of their main locations to hold labs for business tycoon Sir Robert R Collins. His company, Clearer Solutions was taking the medical world by storm and had been contracted by government personnel to undergo the task of curing the incurable. Owing to the isolation, space, and location being close to the capital, Barrowsville was the prime spot and soon after 1948, Barrowsville started to evolve from a town to a small city.

Labs, research and storage facilities were built, their target; curing terminal illnesses. As the years passed, the city became more populated, buildings were built and then those buildings were built higher and higher. Some of the greatest minds in the world such as Dr Martha LeBow, Dr Rupert Sonn and botanist Dr Susan Renshaw were conducting studies in these state of the art labs held within the city. The city flourished for over 60 years. After thousands of trial and error experiments, the labs finally had a breakthrough. Dr Rupert Sonn discovered that using genetically modified Paragordius various could start a regrowth in stem cells thus curing many terminal illnesses that had never before been cured.

The Government expressed their interest in this soon to be wonder cure and permissions were granted to start the next phase of this testing. Human subjects. A notice to the nearby hospitals was released, it explained the breakthrough and offered free trials to those with terminal illnesses. Many applied, and from those 50 were chosen. They were given living spaces within the Barrowsville facilities and started their hopeful journey to a new and healthy life. As if by some miracle, the treatment worked for all 50 subjects! They were showing signs of improvement within weeks, something the medical community had once only dreamed of. The facility gained confidence in their discovery and the hope it brought to all the lives they that would be saved. The subjects continued to improve over the coming weeks and were hopeful they would soon be able to leave the Barrowsville facilities they had grown to know so well. But as quickly as the hope was gained, it was soon taken away, the treatment started having reverse effects. Subjects started showing signs of their illness once again but it seemed much more accelerated. The cure, it seemed, was turning on them. Within just a matter of days, their once cured illness had reached the end stages, their skin turned a ghost white and eyes became unrecognisable as if their soul was taken way with the promise of a new life.

January 24th. 2014 was the night something triggered in all of the subjects brains. Agitation took over them, and aggression rose inside and they started breaking free of their medical restrictions. This was something the lab had not prepared for. Soon the mutations of once healthy beings overran the entire facility and spread their new adapted infection to all who were in their path. Since the infection was already fully developed, on contact between contaminated blood or saliva it instantly took effect on the new host. Within a matter of 15 minutes, the new host would transform into these mutants.

The infected blood flowed across the floors and the hazardous cures were exposed within the slaughter and smashed. Live rodent subjects, now loose, waded through the deadly concoction in search of an escape from their medical prison and found it in the shape of the city’s main water supplies. The cure was no longer a cure, but a virus and now flowed within Barrowsville water sources rapidly increasing the infection rate. January 24th, 2014 was truly the longest night for Barrowsville. The infection spread at an unprecedented rate and the city went into a state of panic. The military was brought in within the hour, the outbreak had now started and there was no choice but to close all routes of exit to contain the spread of the infection.

Barrowsville was surrounded with armed forces to keep everyone inside. Within the next few hours, metal chain fences were erected surrounded the whole city. They had to keep the infection and everyone in the city contained to keep the rest of the nation safe. Everyone in Barrowsville was trapped with what was now being called Hydra. That night brought chaos, murder, and contamination but there seemed to be salvation, for awhile at least. When the sun arose, all of the infected quickly fled to darkness as the intense light of the sun burned through their now pale skin.

Over the coming weeks, the government issued the city crates of equipment to keep themselves safe,  but unfortunately, that’s all they could do. They had no idea what this disease was or how it spread. Every scientist was killed in that first slaughter and with them, the only truth of what Hydra really was, or so they thought and for all they knew, everyone was infected but the disease lay dormant. Executive decisions were made and all they could do was provide assistance to the city, wish them luck and pray. It was now up to the people of Barrowsville to fight for themselves.

Over the next few months, the government reinforcing the walls surrounding the city with concrete while guard forces remained active with the order to shoot to kill if anyone was to come within close proximity. 30 months passed and with it, the memories of the once glorious city faded. The government had now assigned new contracts for a cure to Hydra, which came in the form of a liquid called Lernaean, but it was an extremely expensive medicine, that had to be injected into the victim before the infection could take full effect of the host. Lernaean would reverse the process and kill the infection, but it came too late and would accomplish nothing for the souls in Barrowville already taken over by Hydra, as once the infection fully took over the host, all hope was lost and the medicine would have no effect.

Lernaean works by running its course through the body to clean out the infection, but then becomes useless and was only effective within the timeframe of one becoming infected and one mutating. This was not a cure that would save those from Hydra and even if it were, the government would not permit such an expensive drug on mere civilians. The finished concrete walls remained, a reminder for those inside that they were imprisoned and now on their own.  Military personnel stood down from guarding the walls surrounding the city months after they were built for unknown reasons.

Those still alive in Barrowsville were completely trapped and with little hope of what was to come. No one within the walls had any equipment or the ability to contact anyone outside of them, It was to them as if they were the last people alive in the world. With the outbreak bought the loss of power to Barrowsville and the emergency backup generators were automatically initiated around the city.  Two and a half years later and the low illumination of emergency lights could still be seen; the only sources of artificial light the city has, but the generators are unground where the dark hides the inhuman and leaves no opportunity for those alive to access them and use their power. Embrace the hardship of the day as the fear will set in when the lights fade.
